---
layout: post
title: "Swoosh"
date: 2022-08-16
---

&nbsp;

Hello everyone, long time no see!

&nbsp;

It's been a while since I've updated this blog, but I haven't forgotten! I took a look at all my old posts, and man, I wrote a lot of sad shit. Where'd I last leave off...

&nbsp;

I finally graduated from the University of Toronto which is pretty cool. For some reason, however, I feel pretty indifferent about it. Life just seems to continue cruising on and I don't feel as much excitement as I should.
I'm just preparing myself for adulthood and the early 20's (wow that is such a boomer thing to say). That being said, I really enjoyed all the people I've met, the content I've learned, the memories I've made, and the
people I've worked with (still can't believe I got to work with fricking Liza Bolton and Samantha-Jo Caetano!!!). A UofT alumni YouTube interview is in the works to further examine my friends' and I's experiences.

&nbsp;

I didn't get into grad school, which sort of sucks (in spite of the fact that I only applied to one program lol); however, I hope to gain some real-world work experience first to get a feel for what I enjoy, and try
reapplying to multiple programs again in the near future.

&nbsp;

I finished a book called "No Excuses!", and am currently reading another called "Why We Sleep". Yes, my sleep schedule is still horrendous and erratic.

&nbsp;

Finally, I'm on the hunt for a job. I lost a lot of motivation very recently because it's just been so difficult to find work, but I am maintaining consistency and taking my time, all while developing new connections
through networking and coffee chats. Enjoying the summer has been sort of hard due to the pressure and stress of you know, being unemployed, but I'm trying my best and slowly advancing towards the best version of me.

&nbsp;

That's it for now, and I hope to continue keeping you all updated. Love y'all, love yourself, and see you soon.